# Cleaning-and-Maid-Service

In this busy lifestyle, it is really hard to maintain a perfect work-life balance. At the same time, only a few people are ready to hire live-in domestic helpers or employees. Instead, one can go for a periodic cleaner, which is affordable. Our professional cleaning services provide the professional results, a more sanitary living environment and cleaning supplies. Home patient and baby care services are also most needed services nowadays.We choose this project because the commercial cleaning business can be lucrative, flexible, and built quickly, making it a great home business choice. While choosing project, we wanted to build a software which can be helpful to the society so we decided to work in this project . Our cleaning services include Virus disinfection service ,Full Home Deep Cleaning,Bathrooms Deep Cleaning,Tank & pipe cleaning,Exterior & interior glass cleaning, Carpet, chair, sofa shampooing and cleaning,After party & event cleaning,Pest control Service .Reliable full time, part time maid,babysitter,home patient care service also available here. Anyone can see the cost for their desired service and book any service using the app. All the staff have to fill out their information so that it can be stored based on their working departments and make it easy to form a team for a project.After booking for any service customer will see convenient information of the team members selected for their projects. Any confidential data of the staffs e.g. nid numbers will not be available to the customer unless any necessity.
